welcome back everybody to video games
awesome live we're playing side away New
York a cool indie game on the ps3 and pc
with some hip-hop stylings yo and some
spray tag artists things street art what
do they call it what's it called again
spray painting art something what it is
bangs that's a Banksy I'm getting the
hang of this place cool so now i can
tell you that cash is also trapped
inside way oh oh that's why you didn't
come to that conclusion nice crunch
don't worry she can handle herself I'm
calling it that is her oh she's in the
mask somehow that's hi yes the guys
would have to get busy
it just makes sense right Wow your
speedo tagging yeah yeah graffiti art
why didn't I come up with the word
rafidi haha no no I thought you were
joking ya doing some graffiti running
around the three treaty gonna have a
city that's full of graffiti tags gonna
get up there yeah yeah okay great this
is serious damage Oh keep checking your
paint supply though sucks it up so how
do we do that ah circle okay I costs one
star so you don't you have limits to
them having it recharges maybe or maybe
it doesn't know you have to hit enemies
to get new stars so you only get to use
it once and then you have to recharge it
I'm gonna give it a try oh geez I'm dead
but you're dying to things are tough I
think you were supposed to use that yeah
yeah I would already recharged it for
you you have to and then you you can't
hit those guys at all oh damn hello it
seems like they all produce one for him
so it's probably not too bad to use them
ok so you target them really oh how do
you target the you or not target but you
have to hit them with it yeah you aim
for them yeah
no video game better not stop you fall
off the wall get enough fault in your
car do entire songs rhyme with only one
word well cuz that's what I've been
going on offense if I felt had more
rhyming words with the same word whoa
what's this shit secret egg collected
please Fraser bad rock down three kill
me now man these guys totally rock you
fast I can't even keep up with hahaha
young cee would be so disappointed in
you yeah you know what I hate about
freestyle rapper asst is that they
pretend that they didn't prepare the
lyrics editor I hate that yes f just
because they're wrapping to do with the
situation that they're in it has to be
it must be improv you're in a rap battle
you knew the situation you're going to
be it I'm doing this off the cup cuz I'm
rapping on the stage I'm up on the stage
rocking the mic like a dude is it the
rap situation I still forgot what I was
gonna do silly really
oh well I didn't prepare I didn't sit in
my room at night looking in the mirror
in an undershirt getting prepared to go
out and do the eight mile route haha
doing the 8-mile the 8-mile you know
it's a big black guy in the mouse oh wow
okay yeah yeah I got it I got it are you
likes Eminem's mom he likes Eminem's and
the black guy giving some and then he
trusts them they let some out of the
most I don't think that happened battle
you're pretty cool that's a bad time at
the keep yeah pretty up I was trying to
do I was trying to do Tom Hanks from
polar express Cummings I've been trying
to do a lot of things lately you can
ride the free rivers will track you so I
need to make this movie house it's just
a bit in a hurry exactly oh shit oh if
you guys make movie poster so I'll make
a movie happen don't meet you Becky oh
yeah got him wow we got both of them
nice Oh purpose boobie Oh God as if I
just a shit yeah yeah yeah yeah it was
green mmm but he liked in particular oh
he had to walk eight miles with with the
black guy to get green mmm they're
encouraging him
we should make mrs. why Fraser played I
can't pitch a ride playing I see on task
and paying attention to what's going on
the crazy rampages don't happen as much
oh god I got engaged crazy what rampages
sorry nothing craziness no sorry I Oh
got distracted but the game oh ok she
called you an asshole all right so you
guys gotta concentrate take them out
there you go slowly been oh and tell you
hit for sprinting you don't need those
Ben you've got it filled ok there you go
Becky's back shit Oh which I'm trying
out to collect food oh if you find them
you can take them buddies boy see them
over there I think you're supposed to go
over is the air conditioner there the
right ah and then you have to spray the
bridges to get over them
oh cool hey oh nice
you ready for big deal he's a tank so
use your head and be quick on your feet
all right sound advice on to the boss
battle after this stay tuned for some
more just veto action